
The rhythm of life
How regular repetition structures humans, society, and natural processes. The new issue of our digital magazine “LMU Research and Innovation” is online!

Read more
News
Signals from the deep: brain rhythms distinguish states of consciousness
Franz Schubert’s “Fair Maid of the Mill” and it’s background in Berlin
Munich Climate School: Tackling the climate crisis through an interdisciplinary approach

Read more
To the Newsroom
Read more
Research at LMU
LMU is one of Europe’s leading research institutions. With its highly diversified array of disciplines, it has outstanding potential for pioneering research.

A strong research environment
At LMU, researchers from all over the world encounter excellent conditions for their work — in their own research field and in interdisciplinary networks alike.

Research profile
Research projects
Research services

Excellence Strategy
 Read more
Faculties
 Read more
Academic Careers
 Read more
Studying at LMU
LMU has a reputation for its extensive range of subjects. Here, you can learn from leading academics at one of Germany’s most renowned universities. Study in the heart of Munich and gain first-hand, practical experience as you go.

Support every step of the way
Whether you're an international exchange or degree student, LMU always provides a helping hand. The University offers support in all areas of your academic and professional life.

Arrival information and orientation for international students
Incoming Erasmus+ and LMUexchange students
Workspace for Students
Career Services

LMU — the right choice to make
Show video

Everything you should know to start studying
 Read more
International admissions
 Read more
Become part of LMU Munich
LMU researchers work at the highest level on the great questions affecting people, society, culture, the environment and technology — supported by experts in administration, IT and tech.

Where knowledge is everything
LMU offers state-of-the-art research infrastructure, an outstanding international network, attractive career opportunities and a broad spectrum of continuing personal development programs. In doing so, LMU supports its members in nurturing their talents and helping to shape their working environment.

Open positions
Additional services

Opportunities for early-career researchers
 Read more
Professorial appointments
 Read more
Jobs in admin, IT and tech
 Read more
LMU support for Ukraine

up
Related links
Home
Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München
Routing
Plan section LMU main building
Facebook
Bluesky
Instagram
LinkedIn
Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München
Geschwister-Scholl-Platz 1
D-80539 München 
Tel: +49 89 2180-0
Fax: +49 89 2180-2322
Related links
Sitemap Privacy policy Imprint Accessibility Press Room LMU ShopLMU München © 2021
What are you looking for?
main website all LMU sites
Enter search term
 
More information about Google data transfer in LMU's Privacy Policy.

close